How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories'' help with this? To understand and interpret a user needs a good way to begin is with the system analysis. This can happen if you ask for feedback from the previous users and cover modifications within the code. The outputs and the inputs done for the system, should be found. The user story allows for users to express their needs/wants. This tool is usually used within the Agile development. This gradually gives a better understanding of what the user wants so that we may adhere to their needs.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When starting the development of a program, a clear path containing all the desired features alongside what should be avoided. The requirements should be clear and understable, before any development begins. When developing a program a method should be chosen to compliment what the project is trying to accomplish like agile, waterfall, and more. The Agile software development process contains many methods for development such as feature driven development, scrum, extreme programming and more. Adaptation and many inspections should be a part of the agile software development process. It helps in creating organization and maintaining teamwork, including more customer interaction during the whole process.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member would follow the team standards and that you achieve the standards set by the requirements. Being cooperative with your teammates and speaking out when issues may arise. Also, owning up to your responsibilities and not making excuses that are preventable. 

